Fix visibility docs after refactoring (#775)
temporalio/documentation: docs/content/how-to-integrate-elasticsearch-into-a-temporal-cluster.md

### Add custom Search Attributes (optional)

> This step is optional if you want to use custom Search Attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step is optional.
Here we are adding additional custom Search Attributes to your Cluster.
```
